1.Write a program to print "Hello, World!" in C++.

2.Take input from the user and print it back.

3.Add two numbers entered by the user.

4.Find the size of int, float, double, and char data types.

5.Swap two numbers using a third variable.

6.Swap two numbers without using a third variable.

7.Calculate the area of a rectangle, circle, and triangle.

8.Convert Celsius to Fahrenheit.

9.Check whether a number is even or odd.

10.Find the largest of two numbers.

11.Find the largest among three numbers.

12. check if a character is a vowel or consonant.

13. Check leap year or not.

14.Find grade based on marks (A, B, C, etc.).

15.Simple calculator using switch case.

16.Check whether a number is divisible by 5 and 11.

17.Find roots of a quadratic equation.

18.Check if a character is uppercase, lowercase, digit, or special symbol.

19.Print day name using number (1 = Monday, etc.).

20.given array mein loop ke through value assign karna and un values ko print kawarna 

21. Build calculator using c++

22.chech whether a person can vote or not

23.check whether a number is positive or negative

24.check a number is odd or even

25.create a grading system

26.find character is lowercase or uppercase

27.print a number 1 to n

28.sum of all numbers from 1 to n

29.check whether a number is prime or not

30. count prime numbers between the range of numbers

31. print
     
   ****
   ****
   ****
   ****

WAF to calculate sum & product of all numbers in an array

WAF to swap the max & min number of an array
 
WAF to print all the unique values in an array 

WAF to print intersection of 2 arrays 

Bubble sort 

WAP to check whether a user vote or not .

Print numbers from 1 to n.

Print even and odd numbers up to n.

Find sum of first n natural numbers.

Find factorial of a number.

Print multiplication table of a given number.

Reverse a number.

Count number of digits in a number.

Find sum of digits of a number.

Check palindrome number.

Check Armstrong number.

Print Fibonacci series up to n terms.

Find LCM and GCD of two numbers.

Print all prime numbers between 1 and 100.

Check if a number is prime or not.

Find the power of a number using loop.

Write a function to find factorial of a number.

Write a function to check if a number is prime.

Write a function to find the largest of three numbers.

Write a function to swap two numbers using call by value.

Write a function to swap two numbers using call by reference.

Write a function to reverse a number.

Write a function to check palindrome number.

Write a recursive function for factorial.

Write a recursive function for Fibonacci series.

Write a function to find power using recursion.